Mono Repo : single repository which provides us a same place for frontend and backend.

Some disadvantages are also there like when you want to contribute to frontend only you need to clone backend also in local machine .


-> We are going to work with turborepos in node.js : why because if something is common in both frontend backend then we can create common module which is connected with both 

Turbo repo make the 

Turbo system is build system orchaestrator.

Three are 3 things:

Build System :



build system orchaestrator:
It tells which build should run right now which flow should be followed
to build application which frontend , which backend 



monorepo framework:

a mongorepo framework provides tools and conventions for managing projects that



Turbo Repo Features:

1.) Caching : Turbo repo caches the outputs of tasks ,
so if you run a task with same inputs as previous it picks up the output from the 
cache 
similarly if u are using lerna and other frameworks for build application it builds all files again even if you 
have done a change in backend only (if something changes only for that file it regenerate for other it uses cache).
CI/CD pipelines will pick up from cache memory .

2.) Parrallelization : it can run independent tasks in parrallel , making efficient use of your machine resources this 
reduces overall time needed to complete all tasks .(can also done in lerna).

3.) Dependency Graph Awareness : 
Turbo repo understand the dependency grpah of your monorepo . 
(it knows which packages depends on each other and can ensure tasks are run in correct order ).
There is a kind of DAG graph (directed acyclic grpah ) then it builds a sequence in topological order and 
in that way it starts solving .



instead of manually building by editing script dev in our package .json which led to serially building of our monorepo application 
we use turborepo which uses Dependency graph and build monorepo parrallely by understanding dependency .



//
When we are going to build applications the only changed project part is going to build others will be cached and build become fast .
and if we update anything inside packages which are common for both so the complete project will be build again in this case .



----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Simple explanation :
Companies mostly prefer that a single repo contains all there projects code which is known as monorepo
and this is implemented using turborepo build orchestrator so that you can efficiently work efficiently 
with all folders together a single repo containing frontend backend .


There are two thinks apps and packages in workspace part of package.json 

App contains two frontends web and docs if your application only have one frontend delete one of them 

and packages contain the some components which are common across both backend and frontend parts 


Now how does apps and packages are linked:
visit both folders package.json file that packages/package.json contain name attribute name same as 
apps package.json defined it that how they are connected 

